1. Above is the price schedule for our Company’s "NURSING & GENERAL HOME CARE SERVICES".
2. The above-said fees include direct consultation with medical specialist and/or Nursing Sister.
3. The above-said "Home Nursing Service Fees” (*) do not include: additional use of items such as glucometer (bedside glucose); consumable items, disposable napkins, use of wound dressing sets and materials, catheters and NG tubes, drugs (medications), and/or any other special procedure which is beyond the scope of the basic general care; mileage; and extra charges during gazetted public holidays.
4. Any other professional Home services such as Physiotherapy, Occupational or Speech Therapist or Doctor’s House Call, are not included in the above quotation. Separate charges apply.
5. The rate above is applicable, subject to the following terms:
a) Payment must be made in full BEFORE the start of service; and before the start of the next period of service;
b) No cancellation upon start of service;
c) No refund after start of service;
d) If no payment is received prior to the service, the Company, MN Al Falah, has the right to withhold service without notice until payment is made.
e) If no payment is received one (1) week after the Agreement was signed, MN Al Falah has the right to terminate the service contract.
f) If the quotation specifies rest day (for staff), the client shall pay the standard rate (#) (not part of the monthly fees stated above), if personnel carries out his/her duty on a rest day.
g) This rate is only applicable for a minimum of THREE (3) month contract Rates may differ thereafter.
6. If services are terminated by the client before the end of the current period of service, there shall be no refund.
7. After-hours and weekend rates differ.
8. Please allow a 48-hour notice for us to identify appropriate staff on duty.
9. Any enquiries, financial transactions or changes to the services, must be communicated directly with the Call Centre, and not the care provider.
10. The Company exercises job rotation amongst our nurses, caregivers and companions. Staffs are assigned according to availability and roster.
11. If our personnel do not deliver quality services, MN Al Falah will get a replacement staff at no extra charge. Feedback forms are available.
12. Proof of payment is accepted only when hardcopy of payment slip is received by the office of MN Al Falah. Please insert name of patient on the payment slip
13. If additional or special requests are made by a client (which are not stated under the current terms of service), extra charges will apply.
14. Upon agreement to our Quotation (verbally or in writing) and/ or signed, any prior cancellation before the start of service, an administrative fee of 30% over the total cost will be charged to the client.
15. If there is a need to change the type of service or request for a change of personnel; the client shall submit the request in writing.
16. All Payments made are Non-Refundable and is not applicable for termination of contract before the period of contract ends.
17. The rental fee for Assets rented out on a monthly basis and shall not be refunded if returned by the client during the month of use.
18. Repair costs shall be borne by the client if leased assets are damaged during the period of use.